# Vaahan
 As we move towards the 4th Revolution of Industrial technology and with the growing digitalization of the vehicle industry, it becomes imperative to appreciate the importance of overabundant but unexploited data, leading to the requirement for intelligent and comprehensive analytics. This project aims to provide fleet owners an edge in the vast market over their competitors by using modern and smart technology methods.     Acknowledging the growing market for Indian fleet management companies, our Startup strives to be the one-stop solution for every vehicle owner, irrespective of their vehicle brands. Through thorough market research, we recognized that small-scale fleet vehicle owners do not have the means to access or reproduce big data. Thus, the solutions we provide have been generalizable for all and do not require any extensive database from the consumer.     Our company offers solutions in vehicle insurance, smart repair and maintenance, and driver behavior analytics. The customer data allows us to validate and streamline vehicle insurance needs. Using exploratory data analysis, efficient data pre-processing, and machine learning, we also offer real-time maintenance solutions to provide a quick fix on the vehicle damage to the owner. For fleet owners, driver behavior analytics ensures the safety of the customer and maximizes their productivity and effectiveness.    Our principle of providing accessible-to-all, convenient, and reliable solutions is what sets us apart from our market competitors.   
